---
type: blog
title: "Automate the boring stuff"
date: 2020-09-12 15:00:00 -0400
comments: true
---

I haven't utilized this blog as much as I probably should have, but here's a new one! I recently accepted a job working for Tech Elevator as an Academic Fellow. Tech Elevator
also happens to be the coding bootcamp I recently graduated from. It was an incredible journey (even in COVID times), and I could not be happier about where I am at this moment.
Tech Elevator gave me not only the technical and soft skills, but also made a much more confident person in both of those realms. I couldn't recommend it enough to anyone considering 
making a change. It was indeed life changing.

That being said I found myself in a new position. As an Academic Fellow I get to "pay it forward" so to speak, and help make a change on others lives like the people who I now work with did. I get to work with people who were exactly where I was back in May, and help them learn and grow as a developer. One of the main functions of my job is to score the daily exercises that the students are given to help solidify the concepts that they are learning. That means I have to go into each student repository and pull what their work to score it.
There are 40 students in the upcoming cohort. You can probably see where I'm going with this...

I decided it would be easier for me to just automate it. Knowing a little bit about bash commands, I found it wasn't so hard to figure out. 

I give you: **`pull-student-repos.sh`**!!

It's a simple bash program that will find all the git repo in a folder and then simply pull them all up one by one. You can view the Gist below:

<script src="https://gist.github.com/bt93/afa64b3dadb078f4e71a32b032883911.js"></script>